If there's a couch alone in the forest, does it snick?
Stay tuned.
This week Clarissa explains dad's big idea.
We are moving to untouched, unspoiled, mango island in the south Pacific.
Are they really going?
Find out when Clarissa snicks Saturday at 8-7 central on Nickelodeon.
Nickelodeon's roundhouse freezes style, insight, and shows the touch of
foot-stomping, heart-pounding action after action after action.
Roundhouse Saturday at 8-37 central on Cliff.
Check it out.
What is it, man?
Only Nickelodeon can explode, implode, give a dog a log,
or a baggy, gritty kitty, while the kitty's in the city with a mutskip,
a hippo, here's a cat without a nose, pat a toast, man.
Can you stand the insanity?
No sir, I don't like it.
It's just I who am mad.
You kidding, yak-shaving, Dr. Super Robin Hook will have you singing
Happy, happy, joy, joy, boy.
I'm talking about the one and only renness to be shown.
On the only network.
Hey, kids, it's the Golden Jai Stick Awards.
The most unsportsmanlike conduct on Game Boy.
Bart versus the Juggernaut.
The best superhero performance on NES.
Bart man meets Radio Angel Man.
The best performance on SNES.
Oh, Bart's nightmare.
I don't believe it.
Are you little...
Look for a winning Simpsons video game for every system.
Don't forget, trusty Spunhouse.
Look at my touch mirrors for an inch.
This holiday season,
fly into Burger King and celebrate the magic of Disney's Aladdin now in theaters.
Make wishes come true.
When your kids take home their own genie in the lamp,
Disney's newest hero, Aladdin.
The lovely Princess Jasmine.
The mischievous Abou.
And the evil Jabbar.
Collect all five.
One with every kid's middle, only at Burger King.
But hurry before the magic of Aladdin disappears.
In front of a class at Edison High School,
Boris Yeltsin stood up and changed the course of communism.
Magic Johnson gave some tips to Maryville High's basketball team.
And Rudolph Nuriyev staged the nutcracker at Louis F. Cole Middle School.
By donating cable service and commercial free programming to schools across the country,
local cable companies like yours are helping teachers show
that great things can come to those who dare to dream.
I'm Tornado Rex and I love to wreck, smash, world crash.
The Tornado Rex game.
Move your man up to win, but don't get knocked off.
Half Tornado, half wild, Tornado Rex.
From Parker Brothers, Tornado Rex.
Nickelodeon presents helpful holiday hints, searching for gifts.
Both of these boys know they'll get gifts from Santa,
but how will they find out what they've gotten?
Dennis Rancex, the house he picks locks and bugs his mom.
Jimmy tries to get on Santa's good side
by feeding wild animals and wishing on stars.
Sometimes he looks outside for his gifts,
but he always takes the flashlight and his dad with him.
As you can see, both methods are effective.
Which method works best for you?
These helpful holiday hints are brought to you by the network
that gives you what you want, Nickelodeon.
Children love animals and they enjoy learning everything about them.
That's why your children will love Zoo Books.
This exciting magazine for children
will bring the most wonderful animals into your home.
Animals that do the most amazing things.
Your children will meet incredible new animals
and be fascinating new facts about them.
Just think.
10 big Zoo Books that will show your kids
hundreds of amazing animals,
many they've never seen before.
Call this toll free number now
and for $14.95 you will receive
10 full months of Zoo Books.
Plus this stunning tiger poster
and animal stickers to put anywhere.
And you'll even get this elephants issue
to get you started right away.
Sorry.
Bye.
It's a game of sorry.
First you're way ahead,
then you get bumped way back.
So shake a leg and you all get home first.
A sorry game.
It's really true.
Pizza party.
It's talking to you.
I'd love to shop, don't you?
What's she gonna say next?
Listen.
Wanna have a pizza party?
And now she says.
Do you have a crush on anyone?
Pizza party.
Oh, so technically.
I'm gonna do the waters with a mermaid there.
And lavender and blue magic you can do.
Snicket.
Snicks there.
Snicks here.
It's sneaking out.
Saturday night.
You can snick.
It's time.
Snick.
Now.
I'm a college's Margaret Mead.
People in every society perform certain rites of passage.
Things that mark an important period
or change in their lives.
For example, teenagers have proms,
sweet 16s and first kisses.
All rites of passage.
But does it stop there?
I'm afraid not.
Grown-ups too fall prey to this universal phenomenon.
They become parents.
Then comes your child's first recital.
Playing bonafide parenthood
without this rite of passage.
There are the parental rites of passage
that come around the same time as farsightedness,
thinning hair,
and making that creaky noise when you bend.
Collectively, they are known as
the modern parental rite of passage.
And it's guaranteed to bum out everything
and every one in its path.
It's called the dreaded midlife crisis.
And I think my dad is having one.
Okay.
It's dad's birthday next week,
which probably explains why he's been so depressed lately.
You see, the average male life expectancy these days
is 73.4 years.
Dad's about to crash land bright.
Here.
Prime for a major midlife crisis.
Dad's been acting really bizarre lately.
Even by parental standards.
Here's a Marshall darling midlife crisis update.
If I were another person,
looking at myself in the course of my life,
I should be compelled to say that it all must end unavailingly.
Be consumed in incessant doubt,
creative only in self-torment.
Marshall?
You haven't been reading the diaries of Franz Kafka yet, have you?
Only when my spirits need lifting.
He's been taking an awful lot of long walks lately.
How was your walk, dear?
My walk was, you know, my walk.
A long walk.
I think I'll go for another walk.
And he spends hours just staring into space.
It's your turn, Marshall.
Marshall?
Marshall!
I'm sorry. Did you see something?
He was probably trying to figure out
how to fit the word melancholy into the triple word score.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
What's with your dad?
I said hi to him outside,
and he just muttered something about a long walk.
I guess he thinks if he walks enough,
his birthday won't catch up with him.
There's nothing a grown-up hates more than birthdays.
I think it's because of all the burning candles on the cake.
Last year, by the time my dad blew them all out,
we ate more wax than frosting.
My dad turned 40 last year, and he took it okay.
Sam, your dad went bungee-jumping for his birthday.
You call that handling it okay?
He was just trying to recapture his lost youth.
Majorly weird.
But there is one good thing about parents' birthdays.
What's that?
The older they get, the older we get,
and the older we get.
Next semester.
The term we've all been waiting for.
Driver's Egg.
It's never too early to start cramming. Let's do it.
Okay.
When parking your car, your vehicle should be no more
than one foot from the curb.
I know that. I've known that for years.
Now, I'll finally be able to put that knowledge
to practical use.
Do you think your dad will let you practice on his car?
I don't see why not.
My dad doesn't drive anymore.
He just walks and walks and walks.
Walks and walks.
In France, Amy D,
j'ai mangé toujours des grands magasins.
Magasins, that sounds much better.
In France in the afternoon, I eat all the department stores.
Sounds like big trouble in a little French class for Ferguson.
Stick with it, Ferguson. It's tough learning a foreign language.
That's right, free breath.
Yeah, how many more is your until your French final?
Sure.
Days, master linguist?
I knew that. I'll do fine.
I have a flair for foreign languages.
Perhaps one day I'll serve as the head interpreter
for the United Nations.
Perhaps one day house coats will be a major fashion statement.
How was your day, dear?
Well, my day was, you know, my day.
Another day.
There are so, so many days.
How's the project going?
Project? What project?
At Waterman Baker and Kleinfeld, too.
Well, I wouldn't exactly call redesigning corporate bathrooms
for an accounting firm, a project.
After I won that award, the bathroom jobs
seemed to be about the only kind of work I can get.
We did install some handsome commodes, though.
They flush, automatically.
Neat.
It's a boring job, but somebody's got to do it.
And it's always me.
Now, Marshall, there'll be other projects.
Of course there are my next projects.
A new interior for Pizza Palace.
Redesign socks and stuff at the mall.
How did it all come to this?
You used to love designing all those things.
You're a wonderful architect, Marshall.
You're great, Dad.
I had dreams.
Designing great houses, palaces like Frank Lloyd Wright.
There's still time, Marshall.
But years from now, I wanted people to drive by houses I designed
and say, that architectural masterpiece.
That's a Marshall darling.
They will, dear.
Instead, some junior executable
walk out of the bathroom stall and say what?
Nice fixture.
You're young, Dad. You have your whole life ahead of you.
Only that were true, sport.
Life begins at 40. That's what they say.
Life is an onion which one peels.
Crying.
Where are you going?
Upstairs.
Is he still reading those heavy philosophy books?
No, dear. Just quoting from them.
I think he's moved on to the biography of Paul Gauguin.
The hockey player?
I see you're equally well versed in French history.
Gauguin was a famous French painter
who gave up everything to move to Tahiti to paint.
Oh, isn't that romantic?
Listen, let's not make a big deal of your father's birthday next week.
He's going through a rather sensitive time right now.
Are we having cake?
Sensitive as always.
I found a great recipe for zucchini, carob, tort.
I want everything to be low-key until your father's feeling better.
But what's a birthday without cake?
Zucchini, carob, tort?
Je pense que je vivons mieux.
Et moins cher que la beurre.
Margarine is less extensive than butter.
La margarine est à mon chéri quel est bourre.
Play bien mon play.
So how's the French scholar doing?
He likes this final.
He just said he likes margarine even less than donkeys.
Okay, back to work.
We've been at it for hours, Sam.
I never realized the hardest part of driving
would be picking the right key chain.
What do you think of this one?
Wally's World of Waterbeds. Totally uncool.
Maybe I'll just use the key chain that comes with my uncle's car.
I wish my uncle would give me a car.
I wish anyone's uncle would give me a car.
It's kind of a wreck.
A 77 or 78 with over 150,000 miles.
Wheels are wheels, Sam.
Let's study for the test a little more.
Okay, what's this?
You're making a left turn.
Right turn.
How many car lengths should you leave
between you and the car ahead of you?
One car length per 10 miles.
Sam, this is a breeze.
I'm ready for honors, driver's ed.
Hey, want to come over tonight
and watch the car races on the sports network?
Can't.
It's the day we were all hoping
would fall at the face of the calendar.
Oh, right, your dad's birthday.
Mom's making a birthday dinner to celebrate.
Celebrate? Is your dad in the mood to celebrate?
I don't know. I think he's finally accepted the inevitable.
I actually saw him smile this morning.
Maybe he's finally recaptured his lost youth.
Man, I hope not.
You know when you're on the highway
and you see this red corvette or Porsche,
and you think it's Luke Perry with Madonna in the passenger seat?
Then you pull up beside the car
and it's some middle-aged balding guy.
What a waste. But you know,
sometimes that middle-aged guy
has a teenage daughter who'd look great in a Porsche.
This mid-life crisis could work to my advantage.
What's for dinner?
Butternut squash? Oh, gratin.
Put on a mouche, s'il vous plaît.
Passe le bain.
You just asked me to pass the bath.
No, I didn't. I said bread.
Le bain.
Bread. I think you meant le pain.
They sound the same. Lots of people make that mistake.
You know, I read somewhere
that the only true way to master foreign language
is to live among the natives.
Well, there's a lot of truth to that sport.
Well, maybe it would help if we sent Ferguson to France.
French babes.
Great food.
A sister 4,000 miles away.
Say yes.
Ferguson.
You know, I can't tell you what this means to me
to have you all here tonight.
Dad, we're here every night.
It's great to see you in such a good mood, Marshall.
Yeah, Dad. Getting older isn't so bad.
You just got to start treating yourself better.
You know, get a massage,
take up a new hobby, buy yourself presents.
A new car, for example.
You know, I never thought
that I would experience the classic
mid-life crisis.
You have been awfully hard on yourself lately, Marshall.
Well, it's really quite common.
Now, you know, Paul Gauguin
gave up his career as a stockbroker
to move to Tahiti to pay them.
Now that, that's crazy.
Way too radical.
I think it's better to take to the road
with the wind in your hair
and the open highway streaking past you.
I don't know, Clarissa.
I don't have a good perspective to your life,
but Tahiti is a long way to go.
Yeah, and it's hardly the tropical paradise
that wasn't Gauguin's day.
Progress tends to spoil the natural beauty
of so many things.
Well, there's no point in beating around the bush.
I've decided to make a change in my life.
In all of our lives.
We're going to move.
Marshall!
Move? We're moving?
What do you see?
A speck.
Ferguson?
This is our new home.
We are moving to untouched, unspoiled
Mango Island
in the South Pacific.
Mango Island?
Yeah.
Moving to Mango Island?
I think I'm about to have a mid-team crisis.
Pick up a Polaroid camera and plenty of film
because when the film runs out,
so does the fun.
Little Caesar's two medium pizzas for $5.99.
Pizza, pizza.
This holiday season.
Yeah.
We got the perfect gift.
So follow the signs that point
in one direction.
To get Batman Returns,
affordably low-priced whatever video is sold.
Pizza free.
Sarah Lee's cinnamon rolls and pecan coffee cake.
If you haven't tried Sarah Lee lately,
maybe it's time you woke up.
Nobody does it like Sarah Lee.
Clarissa's back
and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Look, the tropics.
Where your hair frizzes, there's no cable
and every beverage comes with a dopey parasol floating in it.
Here's what I've learned about
Mango Island so far.
Mango Island.
Come along with us to this enchanting island paradise
and enjoy a friendly welcome
from the entire population.
Plus a wide variety of native products.
Ashtrays made from coconuts.
Wall hangings made from coconuts.
Those giant straw bags everybody buys
on vacation.
And of course, mangoes.
Personally,
I'm having a hard time getting into Polynesian mode.
But then, not everyone feels the way I do.
Here's the moving to mango update.
Dad's certain this primitive rock
in the middle of nowhere
will bring out the artist in him.
Mom wins the Good Sport of the Universe award
for making us all play along.
Mango Island Tourist Bureau?
I have a question about the crops grown there.
Do you have the broccoli flower?
Good news, kids, they do.
And bird brain is in a state of total panic.
The mangoes,
are kind and gentle people.
Speak only French.
French!
He says, don't worry, we probably won't move.
But mom also said that Ferguson
would probably mature some day
and look how that turned out.
Hi, Sam.
Bonjour, mon ami.
I've got something for you.
My dad got these sunscreens for free
at the Petal Boat Regatta last year.
All SPF 40, I think.
Just a thing for your trip
to that sunny, tropical paradise.
Very funny, Sam.
I'm not going.
I'll chain myself to the bed.
But I thought your mom said
you weren't really going anyway.
She just said that my dad was going through a phase
and we'd have to let it pass.
What's so hard about that?
By the time this phase passes,
we could be living in a hut someplace.
Come on, it'll never happen.
You're not really moving.
Just pretend you're psyched
until your dad forgets the whole thing.
Sam, I can't do this. I won't do this.
From this moment on,
I swear I will have absolutely nothing to do
with Mango Island.
How much longer do I have to do this?
Till it's soft and tender.
Tree bark is an important staple to the mangoes.
They use it for decoration
Ooh. They eat bark?
It's a delicacy.
So I imagine only on special occasions.
They rely chiefly on mangoes.
How many more of these do I have to peel?
Well, let's see.
We have enough for the mango stew
and the mango salad niçoise.
Two more for the mango pudding should do it.
Mom, Ferguson and I have been talking.
You have?
Are we really going to have to go through with this?
Why can't dad have a normal midlife crisis?
Take up a death-defying hobby.
Kids, we need to talk.
Uh-oh.
Your father needs to indulge his side of himself right now,
and he's done a lot for the two of you.
So let's try to give him our support, hm?
Though I'm always willing to support my family's decisions,
maybe
Mango Island's a bit extreme.
Why not Long Island?
I'm going to miss my home,
my friends, my community,
Driver's Ed.
As I told you, I'm sure we're not going,
so don't worry.
Sooner or later, I'm absolutely positive
your father will snap out of it.
Yeah, Mom, you're probably right.
He'll definitely snap out of it.
Listen.
Do you know what that is?
Well, that's the ancient mangoes custom
for welcoming in the new day.
Every day?
We'll be fishing for our food each morning.
I hate fish.
I mean, I hate American fish.
I am however looking forward
to going authentic mangoes fair.
Well, eating raw fish for breakfast, Ferguson,
that's just the beginning.
Raw fish?
Just think, a place
with no stereos, no telephones,
no bathrooms.
I'll never have to design a bathroom again.
This is going to be a wonderful adventure.
Wonderful?
Now, I picked up the passports this afternoon
and the real estate broker is sending
some people over to look at the house.
Our house?
This is it.
There's no turning back.
And we'll build our hut the first week we arrive.
And then we'll be free of this
forever.
Civilization.
Who needs it?
Why do I get the feeling that if we keep playing along,
we're going to hit reality?
Hard.
Well, the closet's a little small.
I really don't think it's going to accommodate
Janie's clothes.
Our Janie's a clothes horse.
The walls are going to have to be repainted anyways.
It's such a drab pink.
Drab?
I like this color. I picked it up myself.
A nice peach.
Or perhaps mocha.
Mocha?
She wants to paint my room in ice cream flavor.
Well, it's really a great space.
There's a lot you can do with it
and feel free to do whatever you like.
Within reason.
After all, we could be coming back, couldn't we?
My wife has a real flair for decorating.
You won't recognize the place.
And, um,
all this stuff
will be put into storage?
Well, you can have it furnished or not.
Not.
Except for perhaps the cedar chest.
Once stripped and repainted,
Janie can store all her cardigans in it.
Sorry, it's, um,
coming with us.
Well, I suppose this will have to do
until we can find something truly unique,
like our old country house
and Greenwich.
Greenwich.
High Weep for Greenwich.
We may just be forced to build.
We're dying to find something
futuristic yet cozy.
Imposing yet inviting.
Well, like the Guggenheim
with fireplaces and bay windows.
Ah, absolutely.
You know,
my father's an architect.
Really?
A great innovative futuristic architect.
We're about to embark on an adventure in the South Seas.
Hey, Dad, you can design them a house.
He's won lots of awards.
Awards? They're meaningless.
Would you like to see some of the stuff he's done?
Well, why not?
His office is right downstairs.
Mr. Darling, what do you say?
Well, you might get an idea from some of my work.
Ideas? He's so modest, more like inspirations.
Your work is incredible, Mr. Darling.
I wish I could persuade you to change your mind.
Oh, it's tempting, but you know, we're gonna be...
We're thinking of calling it Four Winds.
Four Winds?
The home your father refuses to build for it.
We're willing to give you a carte blanche.
Oh, I'm not refusing. He's not refusing.
No, it's just that, you know, we're about...
Did you say carte blanche?
I know, I know. You're off on a journey, a quest.
Have you ever seen tropical mosquitoes?
Bigger than squirrels.
Build us our dream house.
We want to live in a darling.
A darling?
Oh, I always dreamed.
No, I can't.
I'm afraid our plans are ironclad.
Everyone?
Hi, Mom. Hi, Janet. These are the Kruppelhorns.
We just love your home.
It's got so much potential.
Thank you.
Of course, we'd rather your husband
design something for us,
but he won't take our offer.
An offer, Marshal?
Well, it's nothing.
Think it over, Mr. Darling.
Bye. Have you thought it over yet, Dad?
Well, there's nothing to think about, Sport.
Except, of course, our great adventure.
A fantasy soon to become a reality.
Mango Island?
A fantasy soon to become a reality?
Soon to become a nightmare.
Well,
time's ticking away.
Every day we're one step closer
to adventure excitement, huh?
Oh, um, look what came today.
Are those the tickets?
Yeah.
Looks like they've been taking steroids.
Well, it's, um, it's not very easy
to get to Mango Island, Sport.
We have to change planes six times.
Six times?
Yeah. And then we, um,
we have to take a ferry over from Fiji.
And we're five days on the ferry.
Five days? Yeah, and, of course,
the Almanac says that this really is not
the best time to go to Mango Island.
Monsoon season. Monsoon season.
And then there's Mount Nambi Kaivu.
Tell me there's a beautiful view.
No. It's a smouldering,
erratic, and very active volcano.
Oh.
That does it, Marshal.
I have played along with the mango mashing.
I have put up with the conch shell wake-up calls,
but I can't take any more.
I don't want to go.
What?
The Creppelhorns want me to design their new house.
I have complete artistic freedom.
So I've, I've decided to say yes.
Oh, Marshal, I'm thrilled.
Well, somehow I get the sense
that your kids aren't greatly disappointed.
Well...
We'll adjust, Dad.
We have great coping skills.
We'll deal with it like mature people.
We're flexible.
Gotta be flexible. It's a good quality.
Of course I was fully prepared to sacrifice
in the name of family harmony.
What a lovely thought, Ferguson.
And so sincere.
So, does this mean that the midlife crisis is over?
Well, I'm pretty sure it does, Fort,
but then who knows, you know?
Maybe this could be a warm-up.
I guess it's years away.
Well, Dad,
if it does come back soon
and we have to go through this again,
do you think maybe we could go through it
in a red Porsche?
Look at this.
If you get the convertible with leather interior,
it's only $2,000 more.
$2,000?
You know, Sam, by the time I save it
for my dream car, I may be having
my own midlife crisis.
Well, if it isn't
a French fry.
So, how's your new French tutor?
Did you get most huge Gillette?
Spittin' Willie Gillette?
You better bring an umbrella and try to get a seat
in the back.
Actually, I discovered failing French class
isn't so bad when you have
Mademoiselle Reynard.
You got Reynard. She is hot.
Well, time to go study,
as they say.
I just had a frightening thought, Sam.
What's that?
I've been in Ferguson years from now,
suffering through his midlife crisis.
Looking back on his youth
and trying to recapture it.
Ooh.
There's more snicking straight ahead,
so stick around and see what's up at the roundhouse
next on SNCC.
Kids and animals face to face,
eye to eye, nose to beak
on Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 5, 4 Central
on Nickelodeon.
Hey, kids.
A golden joystick award.
The most unsportsmanlike conduct on Game Boy.
Bart versus the Juggernaut.
The best superhero performance on NES,
Bart Van Meets Radio Animal.
Yes!
The best performance on SNES.
Oops, sports nightmare.
I don't believe it.
Hi, you little...
Look for a winning Simpsons video game for every system.
Don't forget, trusty's fun house.
Look at my touch mirror, it's raining.
Look it up, see it through.
Nice try.
Bring out the tiger in view.
Let's break, Tony. You got it.
Winners, practice hard and eat smart
like this complete breakfast, including the sweet crunch
of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes.
All right.
Play for the court.
To show your tiger.
Lasted not years.
Where we go?
Could be more disgusting.
Green boil and green glove.
Now I'm losing my lunch.
Monster face, the gruesome monster head
you make and remake into the most
monstrous monsters imaginable.
It's life.
Then you bring it to life.
Now for the test.
Monster face comes with everything
shown here.
How am I supposed to play my music
when I spend all my time thinking about
her? 15.
I can't believe it's true.
I just don't want to believe it's true.
Definitely 15.
Just when you think you got it together
something like this happens.
It's so unfair.
Nick's High School Saga continues
with all new episodes of 15
every Sunday at 5.30, 4.30 Central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
I'm Catherine O'Hara.
Nickelodeon presents
True Stories from Famous People.
Before she became Kevin's mom
in Home Alone 2, Catherine O'Hara pulled
a few good pranks of her own.
I pulled an evil one on my little brother.
He was just dead asleep on the couch
and I went and did the most
elaborate makeup with these flared nostrils
and wrinkles and pale face and I teased
my hair all out like this long hair.
Teased it all out and put on this coat
of my mom's, the big black collar
and came out like a vampire thing
and I started scratching his arm
like I woke him up really gently.
Michael, wake up, Michael.
Michael, wake up.
I swear to you, he woke up
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
His body just like propelled off the couch
and he ran up to the landing
and his body, he was just standing there, shaking
and I came around the ground, Michael's me.
When I came around, I was like, uh, uh,
Michael's me, sorry, sorry, Michael's worse.
Catch Catherine O'Hara in Home Alone 2
and for more true stories
from Famous People, keep watching.
Nickelodeon.
The boyfriend who takes you off.
He sees you two tickets are on the nosebleed section.
They're good enough.
You can get rid of him.
If you don't like your neighbors,
can I borrow a couple of Pima father's weeks?
You can move.
But if you're a kid,
there's one group of people you're stuck with
no matter what.
You can't fire them, you can't divorce them,
you can't get rid of them
without going through some kind of criminal charges.
They're your family.
Tell us about them, Don Pardone.
Well, it's an entire family, Bob.
First, let's meet dad.
He's an out-of-work recycled venture salesman
who enjoys Yelp's low price.
Your dad still comes with an IQ.
Well, into double digits.
And he's always ready with a clever joke.
Pull my finger.
Go ahead, pull my finger.
Now let's meet mom.
She's a certified fruitcake
with 16 different personalities and outfits to match.
Mom comes with cliche phrases such as...
Well, if all your friends jumped off a cliff,
does that mean you have to?
And they ever popular.
My goodness.
Oh, no, for that spin.
Your family also comes with an older brother.
He's a loving kind of guy
who only wants to share all his things with you
and give you a helping hand in life.
That's okay to evoke my tennis racket
as long as you learn something from the experience.
Just kidding.
He's actually a psychopath.
The week Freddy Krueger looked like a boy scout.
You little creeper-zoic.
You better keep your hands off my stuff.
You just remember I can always come in your room
and suffocate you in your sleep.
Mom!
Wonderful!
That brings us to your older sister.
You could say she has all the depth and intelligence
of a piece of cheese soaked.
But that would be unfair.
There's a cheese soaked.
I didn't get it.
Thank you, Don Pardo, and that's the family.
Not so fast, Bob.
Where for?
More!
Yes!
With this prize back in, you also get...
Rats!
Well, that's the family.
Hope you liked them.
And if not, too bad.
Long win.
A lot of the debt.
This is my beat.
I carry a mortgage.
Now it's time for another episode of
Dead Dead.
12.06 p.m.
I was up at the crack of noon and already hard at work.
Somebody had left the toilet paper on the roll
so that it comes off under the roll.
I hate that.
But that was small change, Mr. Mina.
What I really wanted to do was nail the scum
who had been leaving the light on in the utility room.
Mom!
Have you seen my baseball glove?
Well, yes.
Oh, honey, honey, honey, always use a cliche.
Oh, you'd lose your head if it weren't nailed on.
Good work.
Your glove is right there in the utility room, sweetie.
Thanks, Mom.
The utility room.
This was just the moment I'd been looking for.
What do you think?
I made out of money.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about kilowatts, son.
I'm talking about kilowatts flying out of the window,
like things that fly out of windows.
Oh, the light.
Oh, turn it off.
No, no, it's not that simple.
Why isn't it?
Because people are starving in China, son.
What does that have to do with me leaving the light on?
Because I could be sending them a sandwich right now
instead of talking to you about leaving the light on.
And don't you question me.
Listen, I'll hit you so hard.
You'll land in China.
You can find out for yourself.
Where are you going?
Won't you walk away from me when I'm talking to you?
You leave the light on one more time
and you're grounded for life.
Code 2, Code 2, TVDAD Central, come in.
We're experiencing a meltdown.
This is TVDAD Central.
It seems to be in the problem.
Oh, listen, we got a TVDAD here.
Who's losing it?
Well, how bad is it?
DADCon 3, sir.
Hey, John 3.
Well, it matters.
Isn't that the bad guy?
Now hold on to God, Dick, and let's try to regain control
of the particular situation here.
Oh.
That's right.
First of all, you've got to make the cute, bad face like this.
Oh.
Then you have to say cute, bad things like fun.
The thing about the thing that you don't understand about the thing
is what the thing is all about.
Oh.
What is that?
It doesn't make any sense.
You see, it's not important to make any sense as long as you do the laugh.
Oh.
You see, the laugh is the thing.
And then you give the child a delicious pudding, Bob.
And then you make the face again.
Oh.
And then you go to the face.
DADCon 4, DADCon 4, you've just gotten way too cute.
We're going to have to go to a commercial.
Mom.
So mom and dad just had a precious new baby girl.
And with all the attention babies getting,
you're probably feeling left out.
Well, you don't have to.
Not with the new sympathizer from Has been Bro.
With this sympathizer, just a touch of a button
showers you with attention from realistic parent-like voices.
Hi, dear.
How was school?
As well as aunts and uncles.
Look how much you've grown.
Order now and receive the three kid of 25
tried and true ways of receiving that all-important attention
in these formative years, including the fake broken arm.
Paced on chicken pox, things to stick up your nose,
our realistic bruise, and the all-new protruding femur.
That's right, the sympathizer, like we always say.
If you can't get praise, settle for Penny.
House will be back to snick after this.
This holiday season, J.C.
Penny cares more about the way you look.
Happy.
Satisfied.
Relax.
So we're giving you more service.
We're stocking up and staffing up.
We're offering you somewhere else
to turn for gifts you don't find in the store.
And no hassle returns at all 1,300 stores.
With all we're doing to keep you smiling and saving,
you'll see why it's the best place to spend this holiday season is.
It's the season to be jolly.
Tis also the season for a KFC holiday meal.
A bucket of delicious chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy,
cold slaw, hot biscuits, and up to feed four just $9.99.
And when you buy a holiday meal, get a coupon book
worth up to $70 on select Mattel toys
at Toys R Us and other fine stores.
The $9.99 holiday meal from KFC
and from Lincoln.
Happy holidays.
Twice the power then makes a big difference.
Professional plumbers on professional strength liquid plumbers.
All the other liquid drain openers is the loot.
This stuff doesn't.
It's more powerful.
So twice as much power attacks the hair clog and bam.
Goodbye, clog.
Get twice the power to the clog.
I like the way Denorex tingles.
It feels fresh and clean.
I didn't get that tingly feeling with head and shoulders.
So for my dandruff, I started using Denorex.
The flakes vanished, the itching stopped.
Denorex with conditioners, the serious dandruff shampoo.
I've switched to Denorex.
More roundhouse on Ning.
More time to snake.
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm Doug Suelland.
Welcome to another edition of The Sibling's Court.
The case you're about to see is a semi-actual court case.
Instead of getting justice, the two semi-actual brothers
involved have been forced by their parents
to have their cases heard here in The Sibling's Court.
He claims that his younger brother
was looking at him for no reason.
He is suing for emotional damage
and is asking the judge for the death penalty.
This is a defendant, Timmy Smith.
He claims that he is rubber and Jeff is glue.
And whatever Jeff says, bounces off him
and sticks to Jeff.
He is countersuing for emotional damage
and is also asking for the death penalty.
Oh, you copy?
This is the case of the quibbling Sibling.
All rise to crusty judge dad presiding.
Take a load off.
Kids, I want you to know that I've read your complaints
in what I say goes.
Now, what's thought of this?
You're giving me one at a time.
One at a time.
One more out first like that
and I'll cite you both to contempt of living room.
Now, Jeff, you go first.
First of all, this little cockroach here is always-
I'm joking.
Well, I object to you calling your brother a cockroach.
Objection sustained.
Sit down.
Next witness.
What's the matter, son?
Can't beat me.
Is that true?
How many times have I told you not to hit your baby brother?
He's much smaller than you.
I hit him two days ago.
I find you guilty of hitting your baby brother
and sentence you to washing my Bonneville.
Oh, big quote.
Well, it looked like a tough break for you, Jeff.
You know, it's not fair.
They never listen to me.
We know he's much smaller than you are.
You should know better.
We've got some papers for you to sign.
Man, when I have kids,
I make everything they say.
I'm gonna love my kids.
Join us next week in the case of the sisters
who fought over each other's clothes
in the case of sisters' blisters.
That's okay, Jimmy.
My brother was a weenie, too.
To save money by buying a sewing machine
to make your clothes.
It's okay, Mom, really.
I mean, the third sleeve, it's barely noticeable.
Then she saved loads by giving you haircuts at home.
No, really, Mom.
Maybe I can get a job on Star Trek or something.
Now we've got the latest do-it-yourself plan
that'll save a bundle.
It's designed for moms just like yours.
The home dentistry kits.
Oh, come on, son, be a sport.
Be a sport.
Mom, my teeth are fine.
Well, sure they are now.
That's why I want to get those little suckers out of there
before they cause us any problems in the future.
Good night, nurse, sweetheart.
What is this awful grove?
Mom, I'm chewing gum.
Well, no wonder.
Honey, your teeth have got to come out.
I need an anesthetic.
Oh, certainly.
Forget the anesthetics.
That's the new home dentistry kit
brought to you by Panko, because Mom will try anything
to save a buck.
The utility room.
Woo!
Oh, oh, fish.
All right, hey, how about you see an incisor?
Coastal.
Hold it right there.
It's a kilowatt, wait there.
What's up in this room?
With no TV.
Writing, I will not leave the utility room light
on a zillion times.
It's Grounded Boy.
Yes, Grounded Boy, who came to Earth
with prior vulnerabilities way lower
than those of normal kids.
Grounded Boy, who disguised as an ill-mannered,
zit-ridden adolescent, fights the never-ending battle
against truth, homework, and curtail authority.
OK, son, I'm coming in there in 15 minutes,
and that room had better be clean,
you wretched little environmental threat.
Looking for a good hiding place for that unsightly mound
of bedroom trash?
So you need the stashmatic adjustable bed.
Stashmatic uses a revolutionary system
of cranks and hydraulics to help conceal up
to four feet of bedroom trash.
But wait, there's more.
You also get a free gift.
I got a TV.
I got some microwaves.
I got the eight-track player.
Calm now.
OK, you've got two minutes.
You little dump-dweller.
Sure, whenever you're ready, mom.
Thanks, stashmatic.
Hi, sorry you got grounded.
Oh, thanks.
I sneaked you my portable TV.
Oh, hey, thanks.
You're welcome.
This one goes totally wrong.
Ladies and gentlemen, the following
is a special press conference for the vice president
of the United...
Ladies and gentlemen, we are faced
with a continuing decline.
This way, Mr. Vice President.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are faced
with a continuing decline in traditional family values.
Hey, it wouldn't be so bad if we had a traditional family.
If you could say that again.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are faced with a...
No, no, no, no, I think she meant me.
Oh, OK.
Well, if Murphy Brown wasn't bad enough,
let's take a look at the moral decay
on Saturday morning TV.
First, there's Donald Duck, who doesn't wear any pants.
And if Goofy's a dog and he wears clothes,
shouldn't Pluto wear clothes, too?
It's an outrage.
And what exactly went on between pebbles and bam-bam, hmm?
Now, listen to the lyrics of this newly released kids' song.
Johnny the Frog was a happy little frog
and he hopped off through the land.
Cute, now listen to this song played backwards.
You need to make sure your food is on your mother.
Make a thing in your driver.
That's your voice.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
Hello.
I'm Ed McMahon, a.k.a. American Family Sweet Stakes.
And now you can win a completely normal American family.
Fabulous.
Oh, wouldn't that be great if we could win a normal family?
Sure would.
All right, kids, let's go.
We're going to Grammys.
One month.
I can't go dead.
I'm grounded.
Oh, no, nobody gets out of a visit to Grammys.
Let's go.
Oh, man.
Forget Freddie.
Forget Jason.
Forget the terminating.
You've never experienced hair and blue beans in Grandma.
She's on your cheeks for five sessions,
but she doesn't need your cheeks
feeling like a macro at no time.
Grandma's breast or that?
Don't mention it, Grandma.
And Jennifer, any kids?
Yeah.
This is Ed McMahon.
You just want a completely normal American family.
Wow, thanks.
Guess what?
We just want a completely normal American family.
Wonderful.
And watching classic Christmas episodes
all night on Nick at Night, Christmas Night
starting at 8, 7 central.
Now there's a chicken vegetable soup
that will inspire you to cozy up in front of a crack
being fire and indulge.
It's Campbell's Best, introducing Campbell's home
cooking chicken vegetable soup, our plumpest cuts
of chicken, hearty amounts of pasta,
and our finest vegetables.
Simmering in the stock that begs to be savored.
New Campbell's home cooking chicken vegetable.
It doesn't get any better than Campbell's Best.
More roundhouse on Nick.
More time to snick.
You like your completely normal American family?
Perhaps your kids will like some more french fries.
Your new moms are terrific.
Go get some.
She sure is.
Is there any more pudding?
Oh, hon, I'm sorry there's not,
but I'll make plenty more next time.
Oh, here, take mine.
Are you sure?
Sure.
I got to watch my way.
You know, I'm the captain of the basketball team.
Maybe we could shoot some hoops later.
I'll give you some pointers.
Wow, great.
Maybe you'd like to try on some of my new makeup.
Would I?
Now be cute.
Boy, this new family is really great, huh?
Wow.
Don't forget tomorrow's career day at school.
Oh, that's right.
Remember how embarrassing that was last year?
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
There's something wrong with the flashback effect.
OK, now turn.
Remember how embarrassing that was last year?
Yeah.
So actually, there's really not much of a market
for recycled dentures at this time.
But I am working on a new invention
that I think is really going to turn my career around.
It's a new air freshener.
Hey, let me demonstrate.
Pull my finger.
Oh, no.
You know what, no, I think this year is going to be great.
So after I designed the space shuttle,
I devoted my life to bringing water
to drought-strickened aerials of the Third World.
I thought you kids would like some new clothes.
So I'll take my super diamond platinum with gold trim cards
and buy anything you want.
We can pick out our own clothes.
Wow, this is nothing like it used to be.
Oh, come on, forget that, you guys.
Just show the scene.
Hey, shrimpazoid, since you're so puny,
I thought you could have one of my old t-shirts.
Oh, thanks, I guess.
Yeah, especially since the dog had puppies on it.
Ah!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Vaccines like this one take place all over America,
each and every single day.
Hello, I'm Sally Blubber.
Please help us all fight hand-me-down syndrome.
This poor girl, all she has to wear to the prom,
is addressed to ask to steal more to a hot calling
contest in 1967.
To wear this shirt off someone else's.
Boy, I'll say.
But tell me the truth, I mean, don't you miss our old family?
Just a little?
No.
Yeah, me either.
Hey, kids, come on home and get some of these
perfectly-grilled burgers and some of mom's
perfect potato salad.
Hey, look, on the other side of the park,
it's our old family.
Oh, yeah, there's dad burning the burgers.
Yeah, yeah, there's mom pulling the dog's teeth.
Oh, don't let him see it looking.
Hey, what do you say?
Why don't we toss the old football?
Oh, not right now.
I think we're going to get out of this rain.
They're freaking out or something.
What are they?
They're missing some kind of androids.
You are correct, sir.
Absolutely.
Real people and ever perfect.
Here you go, dad.
Thanks for taking us back.
Don't mention it, son.
At least we could do.
Yeah, I guess so.
Hey, listen, could you hand me that magazine over there?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Say, dad, am I still grounded?
Well, considering all that you've been through,
yes, you are still grounded.
All right, well, I guess I'll go to my room.
Oh, hey, listen, do me a favor.
Oh, yeah?
I want to finish this article here.
So tell them to reprise the theme song and roll a credit.
Will you?
Sure.
Reprise the theme song and roll the credit.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down it.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down,
down Okeech paint.
Keep playing.
Do you know what to say?
I know that I can find a friend.
And that's Studio irony.
At Nickelodeon Studios.
At Universal Studios Orlando, Florida.
Nickelodeon presents proof stories from People.famous.
Were you ever afraid of being home alone?
I was afraid of everything when I was a kid.
I was afraid of getting away from my family.
I was afraid of the toilet and washing my…
Well, I don't mean to sound like I've lived my whole life
panic, but catch Daniel Stern in Home Alone 2, lost in New York, and for more true stories
from famous people, keep watching Nickelodeon.
Jolies have come!
Let's learn!
Happy holidays from the Rugrats and Nickelodeon.
On their 12th day of Christmas, when she looked at me, 12 days out of school, 11 more
dogs, 10 bears and sneakers, 9 pounds of egg roll, 8 days with no homework,
7 noodles, $6,000, 5 Lamborghinis, 4 video games,
3 days at the beach, 2 new bikes, and a chance to be on
Happy holidays from the First World Headquarters for Kids, Nickelodeon Studios.
Wow, look at that great grass!
Children love animals and they enjoy learning everything about them.
That's why your children will love Zubo.
This exciting magazine for children will bring the most wonderful animals into your home.
Animals let's be the most amazing things.
Your children will meet incredible new animals and be fascinating new facts about them.
Just think, 10 big Zubos that will show your kids hundreds of amazing animals
many they've never seen before.
Call this toll-free number now and for $14.95 you'll receive 10 full months of Zubos.
The stunning tiger poster and animal figures to put anywhere
and you'll even get this elephant issue to get you started right away.
Call now and start Zubo coming to your children today.
There's Log of Arabia, Officer Log, Athletic Log, and Cheerleader Log.
You can explore uncharted Arctic terrain with Sergeant Log of the Yukon
and get set for super secret spy action with Agent 00 Log.
And how about the all-new Log, Ryan Tamer Playset?
And girls, you'll swoon when you hear singing Log.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!
Look out earthlings, here comes the mysterious log from Mars!
Kids, you can be just like Dad with the Armchair Quarterback Adventure playset!
And you'll have hours of fun playing Doctor with the log authentic Civil War first aid station!
Yes, when it's this much fun, it must be long!
Ah, it's a car.
From Blamo.
Thank heaven my cousin Sven is coming to visit.
I still remember the days when Sven and I were in the
whelping box together.
I can hardly wait to have an intellectual
conversation again.
Excuse me, Renn.
It's time for my appointment.
Enough of your tongue foolery.
He's here.
Now you're going to meet a dog with real breathing.
He's a hawk.
He's got my blood.
The class doesn't come on in.
Say something intelligent.
He is only you as Sven.
Sven, get in here, you old yak, Gelder.
I want you to meet my friend, Steampie.
He's an idiot.
Wow.
Steampie, say hello to a superior creature.
Hello, superior creature.
He is only you as Sven.
Is that the face of intelligence or what?
Turn around, you sick little monkey.
I'll go get some refreshments.
Steampie, help Sven unpack.
OK.
God, you are my new friend.
I sure met you.
So, what's that?
It's my jar of spit.
I've been saving it since I was a child.
You saved your spit.
Wait here.
I want to show you something.
It's my magic nose coblins.
Yimmy.
I picked them myself.
Look what I have for you.
What is it?
It's my ball of band-aid.
I've saved every band-aid I've ever used.
Here, this one's from 1962.
Joy.
I'll get it.
What's that?
Oh, that's just my brain.
It's always falling out.
It's so big.
I know.
You want to see mine?
OK.
Your cousin is the coolest.
We're lodge brothers.
We both belong to the loyal order of stupids.
Yeah, and now we show you our secret handshake.
I need to work now.
Anything stupid like this?
What is this beautiful thing?
That's my foist material possession.
Then I have something for you.
Can I have some?
Sure, hop in.
I love this.
I know.
What shall we do now?
I know. Let's play circus.
Look at me.
I am a juggler.
And I am a bearded lady.
And I'm a sword swallower.
Uh...
Oops.
After this.
The sound of a unique new flavor.
Fresh from Hidden Valley.
Introducing creamy Parmesan salad dressing.
Golden crumbles of real Parmesan cheese
with garlic, savory herbs and spices.
Blended in a rich, tangy dressing.
A sensational new flavor for your salad.
Creamy Parmesan.
New from Hidden Valley.
It's McDonald's Holiday Film Festival.
Now featuring the American Epic
Dances With Wolves.
The original full-length video
unbelievably priced at just $7.99
when you buy any large sandwich.
So hurry in and pick up
Dances With Wolves.
Also available, the family favorite,
Babes in Toyland.
And the hilarious dirty Rotten Scoundrels.
These films just $5.99 each
when you buy any large sandwich.
What you want is what you get
at McDonald's today.
Perfectly.
Kevin Kirby.
You guys are so harsh.
What have you seen him lately?
No, maybe he's getting a face transplant.
So why don't you like help him out?
What should we do, put the clearest on his zits for him?
Nobody's gonna tell you to your face
you need clearest seal.
Such strong medicine, clearest seal guarantees
fewer pimples in five days of your money back.
Kevin?
Hey.
Hey, Kevin, wait up.
Sleep. Sleep.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I hate rainy days.
Yeah, and me too.
I know.
Let's play a game.
Let's see.
There's Scribble
and Gamey
and Monotony
and pure cheesy
misery date.
These are boring games.
Joy.
This game in the whole wide world
is on the electric fence.
The wind zone.
The electric fence.
You set up the board
and I'll go plug in the fence.
Eight.
One. Six.
You're teen.
Eight.
Your turn, brother steampie.
Eurgh.
Everywhere.
Well, at least I'm home.
I can follow my intellectual pursuits.
I offer records
covered in bubble gum.
My collection of rare
incurable diseases
violated.
No!
My dinosaur dropping
painted
like Easter egg.
Ah!
You idiots.
The view.
I'm gonna do to you.
I'm so angry.
First,
I'm gonna tear your lips out.
Yeah.
That's what I'm gonna do.
And then,
I'm gonna
gouge your eyes out.
Yeah.
Like this friend?
Yeah, you scary ass.
Good.
You scared, huh?
Next,
I'm gonna
tear your arms
out of the socket.
And you wanna know what else?
I'm gonna
hit you
and you're gonna fall.
And I'm gonna look down
and I'm gonna laugh.
But first,
I gotta take a whiff
and I'm gonna laugh.
I gotta take a whizz.
Don't you go anywhere.
You stay right here.
Right on this spot.
I'll be back.
What's this stupid thing?
That's a game, Ren.
Yeah, it's really fun.
Oh, you like this game?
Oh, yeah, Ren.
We love it.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
We really like it.
It's our favorite game
in the whole world.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Well, how do you like
these?
So, you whizzed on the electric fence, didn't you?
Don't whizzle
the electric fence
for the Muddy Mudskipper
show.
Who's the greatest mudskipper of them all?
Who could skip to the mud with the greatest of ease?
What kind of wonderful guy
who can crawl like a dog without scraping his knees?
Who's got segmented eyes?
It's Muddy
Mudskipper, it's Muddy
Mud
Skipper show
From our sponsor, the Muddy Mudskipper show
is brought to you by Gritty Kitty Litter.
Hello, friends.
Of course, you know that when it comes to
absorbency, odor control, and, of course,
flavor, Gritty Kitty
is the best litter money can buy.
But did you know that
Gritty Kitty now comes with a prize inside?
That's right.
In every bag, there's a neat prize waiting for you.
Collect them all.
There's the Shaven Yak litter box
caddy.
A bologna sandwich.
A live crab.
A junior barbell set.
Real dynamite.
A fake toe.
A real toe.
A fish clip.
And don't forget after you're through,
make sure to cut out the free mask.
Print it on the back of every bag.
Remember if it doesn't say Gritty Kitty,
it stinks.
Oh, boy, Steepie.
We sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long, kids.
Come on, Steepie. Say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
Next time? When's that?
It's pretty soon. Don't worry.
Pretty soon?
How long is that?
In a little while, man.
What do we do, too, man?
Why, you could flush your toes.
Oh, you could eat olive loaf.
Ah!
You could blow yourself up.
Like a balloon.
Blow myself up.
Aw, goodbye, kids.
See you next time.
Hey, goodbye, folks.
Under pressure.
Running. Jumping. Airborne dunking.
Courage.
Swinging. Swimming.
Mile-high.
Intestinal fortitude.
It's just three kids battling
for glory and a piece of the rock
batting, skying, agro-cragging.
Guts.
Nickelodeon.
Watch Guts every weekend
at 635-30 Central
on the first Kids Network.
Look out, look out, kids.
You got lots of what you need.
I'm the new TurboTouch 360 controller from Triax.
I'm the ordinary video game controller.
I have action buttons and multifunction turbo.
So do I.
I have a touch sensor for movement in any direction.
I have a rocker switch for up-down, left-right movement.
I can easily move diagonally
and in a circle.
That's tough for me.
I can move objects on the screen as fast as I can move my finger.
I can't.
I'm guaranteed for longer play and higher level.
I'm not.
Order direct and get a free button.
Call 1-800-8-5-8-7-4-2-9.
Don't open it. I bet it's that girl
and those two Pete brothers.
Come on, honey.
Come on.
Oh, dear.
Merry Christmas, everybody, from Pete,
his brother Pete and Ellen.
I guess everybody knows that Frank was supposed
to tell tonight's story.
But we have an unusual situation
and he's agreed to pass the bag to Eric.
Eric?
My grandfather died this week.
He was from Ireland
and he used to tell these
neat stories from Aira.
He'd acted all the different parts
and he used a new voice
for each character.
Before he died,
he gave me his hat.
He said,
Eric, my lad, guarded well.
It's blessed with the power of the pixies.
What's a pixie?
Well, there were pop-up used to call
fairies.
He said,
if they always acted fair,
I'd call them fairies.
Pop-up was our kind of guy.
He'd only tell stories about the evil ones.
And he had this great one about Kelpie,
a kind of water horse
that invited little kids to hop on its back
so we could swim up into the ocean and eat them.
But I think that
pop-up's favorite pixies
were the leprechauns.
That's where he said he got his hat.
What is a leprechaun?
Well, they're kind of like little old men
and they dress all in green
and they wear strange little hats like this one.
How'd your grandfather get the hat?
Well, he said he got it in a trade.
If a person offers a pixie a trade,
they can't refuse no matter
how bad a deal it is.
All you have to do is say,
mine be yours and yours be mine.
Anyway,
this was one of pop-up's favorite stories,
so I'm gonna try to tell it the way he did.
Submitted for the approval
of the United Society,
I call this story
The Tale of Jake and the Leprechaun.
Never.
No way would a vile creature like you
pick on a poor boy like this.
Hey, shameless doll,
you stay out of this.
I've come to take what's mine.
Ah.
Stand aside, boy.
The battle's just begun.
Sorry.
Somebody help me with this wig.
Drops.
Wig!
It's great for the night, everyone.
Good work.
Jake Joyce wanted to be an actor more than anything else.
His big break came
when he landed the lead in Will of the Wisps,
a magical play about leprechauns and goblins.
It was Jake's first play
and, unfortunately,
it was gonna be his last.
Lucy! Lucy!
I need my tea.
I need me tea.
Ah.
Just the tea. Just the tea.
Hey, Lucy.
What's that stuff Aaron's always drinking?
Herbal tea.
His own recipe.
He says it helps him be creative.
That must work.
He's brilliant.
You think that stuff would help me?
I'm not doing so hot.
I think you're doing just fine, Jakey.
Here's the recipe.
But I doubt you'll find the ingredients.
Aaron has his own stash and I don't think he'll share.
Jake!
Oh, Jake!
Thanks, Lucy. Good luck.
Take me there.
I feel inspired.
Let's practice the Jake.
Sure.
Look at this place.
Over a hundred years old.
Nearly as old as I am.
Shut your eyes.
Feel the magic of the stage.
The power of the theater.
Let it transport you
into another realm
and make you into a magician.
Take a good long drink, sugar.
So you stay pretty and fresh.
Ha ha.
Hello?
Anybody here?
Whoa.
You're looking at me like I was a sight.
But heed me words.
You're the one who has the glamour.
I'm sorry.
It's just that...
What do you mean?
I have the glamour.
Nothing at all. Just a feeling.
Sean O'Shaen is the name.
Remember it.
You might be needing it.
What is it I can do for you?
Uh...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'm looking for some special herbs to make tea.
Do you carry these?
You've come to the right place.
May herb garden is one of the bluebells.
Fox clubs and ragweed.
How dare you bring this here?
It's just...
You'll not be getting such herbs here.
A pox upon you for asking.
It's just for tea.
I know what it's for.
Off with ya!
Be a leprechaun.
The goblin can come back any minute.
Are you sure?
Yes. Hurry.
You'll never be a boy again.
I don't care.
Then dance with me.
And speak as I speak.
The fairy ring, the dance and sing.
The mortal gloom, a dying thing.
Now turn me into spirit.
Now turn me into spirit bright.
And leave behind the human.
Right.
Turn me now into a spirit bright.
And leave behind the human plate.
What?
What's happening?
Keep going on.
Don't stop now.
You've run to something.
No, stop! Stop it!
All right, all right.
That's all everybody.
Good day, good day.
Jake, you lied.
You've got to let yourself go.
What's happening to you now?
Where's the stuff of genius?
Trust me.
But my voice changed.
I changed. It was scary.
It was wonderful.
I don't like it.
Jake, you've got to understand.
You're making magic up here.
It's like, it's like you've got the glamour.
The glamour?
You have the gift, boy.
Use it.
Mr. Shaney.
It's me.
Go away, you're not welcome here.
Please, I need to know
about those herbs.
I am sure you do.
But I can see through you like hard crystal.
Leave me alone.
Please, listen to me.
You're taking me for a fool.
And Sean O. Shaney
is anything but a fool.
Good day.
Something weird is happening to me.
You saw it.
It's like,
I'm changing.
What is this place?
I've let you in to say your piece.
So get on with it.
Okay.
I'm in this play.
It's about a leprechaun
who saves me from a goblin
by turning me into a leprechaun, too.
Go on.
But it's like the more we rehearse,
the more we feel.
Last time my voice even changed.
It was scary.
Aaron said that...
Aaron?
He's a leprechaun.
He told me it was because I had the glamour.
That's what you called it, too.
This sounds dumb.
Maybe I'm just nervous about the play.
You really don't know
about these herbs, do you?
Just that Aaron uses them to make tea.
Oh, he does, does he?
They're very powerful
if used by those who know how.
And if you know how to get them.
How'd you get those?
A trade with a springin'.
Yours be mine
and mine be yours.
What's all I took?
Cost me my favorite toothpick.
Yours be mine
and mine be yours?
Sands like a line from our play.
When did you say this play of yours is?
We open tomorrow night.
Last rehearsal's tomorrow at noon.
Why? You want to come?
I wouldn't miss it for all the suds in Dublin.
Then dance with me
as I speak.
Fairy ring the suds and sing
the motto bloom a dying thing.
Suds and stars.
The fairy ring is dancing,
the mortal bloom a dying thing.
Turn me now into spirit bright
and leave behind a human plight.
Turn me now into a spirit bright
Muckin' with these ropes!
I want everybody!
All the actors to the green room!
I ain't got to the work!
It's Laddie.
Sean, what are you doing here?
Saving your life if you don't mind.
What?
I'm the one who released the rope.
Are you crazy?
You nearly killed me!
Now, John, danger it is true,
but it's not from me.
Get dressed and look at yourself.
While you're afraid of the dark,
we'll rise to sneak again after this.
Night Muppets will be right back after these messages.
Roy introduces new party film.
You know you make it won't you?
Grab Polaroid shoes, throw your hands up.
Choose a share of smile now.
We're all on the jumping now.
Nothing picks up a party like new Polaroid party film
with colorful new borders.
That's some new party film, man.
Grab Polaroid shoes, grab Polaroid shoes,
know you make it won't you?
The more you stack up, the more we stock up.
During the last few days of the holidays at JCPen,
we're putting out new gifts every night.
For you to discover every day,
while you're ringing up more savings,
we're bringing in more selection.
While you're filling up packages,
we're bringing down prices.
And with all the savings we give you,
there's one thing you'll take away.
The best place to spend this holiday season is JCPen.
Now introducing the Dandruff shampoo just for women.
Cells and gold for women.
With the number one doctor recommended Dandruff medicine,
plus our new conditioning system.
New cells and gold for women.
Effective on Dandruff.
Gentle on hair.
What's Red Hot really powerful and can perk up anything?
Yes, again, it's the dirt devil upright deluxe.
It's revolving brush cleans the dirtiest floor.
And you won't have to hunt for attachments.
They're built in.
And now to snick with the argue afraid of the dark.
His ears got pointy.
Weird.
Very weird.
Yeah.
And this pop-up used to say,
this is where the plot thickens.
I felt it the first time I saw you.
It's the glamour.
Every time you take the oath,
you're a step closer to becoming a changeling.
A changeling?
But it's a play.
It's not real.
It's as real as those pointy ears.
And tonight you'll take the oath for the final time.
This can't be happening.
Aaron wouldn't do this to me.
He would if he is who I think he is.
Where does this Aaron dwell?
His room's downstairs, but no one ever goes there.
He always gnats before performances.
What better time to pay him a visit?
Answer all your questions later.
It's just I suspect it.
If it be, you'll know we've been here.
Aaron's got a pet toad.
That's no toad, lad.
It's a changeling.
We haven't much time.
Come on.
Robert, time.
It must be here someplace.
He's coming back, Fox Glove.
Cow slip.
Got it.
Rowing rude.
Now we're in business.
Let's go.
A banshee.
Aye, the cruelest of all the pixies.
They drink the tea of bluebells,
Fox Gloves and ragweed.
That's why I thought you were the one who wanted the herbs.
Then what does you want with me?
Here's where it gets sticky.
They feed on human souls, the banshees do.
Every seven years, they need to devour another one,
leaving some poor creature in its place.
The toad.
The toad was a person.
A changeling.
That's the oath you've been taking during the play.
For real.
Lose this.
I'll call on the dad, we'll get the police.
Take it easy, Skipper.
The process has already started.
Look at your ears.
You can't survive as half a changeling.
What can I do?
You can beat him at his own game.
Bad for an opening act.
I thought you forgot.
Are you ready for the finale?
As ready as I'll ever be.
That's the spirit.
Let's get to work.
There are three rules to beat the banshees.
You must do them all or the game is lost.
You with me?
Do I have a choice?
No.
Rule number one, be fearless.
Swallow this.
Forget it.
We don't have time, Jake.
Fearless?
Oh, fearless.
Good.
Now, where's the bottle bag?
Now add these.
Red tree.
Red threed.
Puts the witches to their speed.
Rule number two, give him a taste of his own medicine.
Don't you drink that yourself?
Don't worry.
Rule number three, don't take your eyes off him.
You must spell bind him.
Lock your eyes with his and turn his own spell against him.
Understand?
Then let the angels be with you, lad.
The fairy ring does dance and sing.
The mortal gloom a dying thing.
Turn me now into spirit bright and leave behind the human blight.
Who have you been talking to, boy?
I lost his games.
You're not afraid of him.
No, no. I'm fearless.
Do you guys see what I've seen?
What is it? Did we miss this in rehearsal or something? What is this?
You're all mine.
Help! Help, somebody! This is really happening!
You're made forevermore!
Hello, Court.
Or is it Aaron now?
Sean or she?
Well, you're too late this time.
Court, still up to your same old tricks.
Because old tricks still...
So you thought the little leprechaun would help you.
Leave me alone.
Seven years have waited
and now you're mine!
You're mine!
Right, you are, Court. He is yours.
And this is mine.
Me too!
Indeed.
But now it's mine. I've kept it all these years.
Care to make a little trade?
Yes, yours be mine.
And mine be yours.
Distant friend, distant place.
Return, return to the human race.
What happened?
You're free, lad. You beat the banshee.
Am I a leprechaun?
When the need arises.
The wool of the wisp was never performed again.
And Aaron had disappeared forever.
The end.
And that one, Papa, was for you.
Snick past tests.
You have snicked, we snicked.
They will have snicked. It is post-snick.
You can snick again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
Grace under pressure.
Running, jumping, airborne dunking.
Courage.
Swinging, swimming, mile-high spiking.
Intestinal fortitude.
It's guts. Three kids battling for glory.
And a piece of the rock.
Batting, skying, agro-cragging.
Guts. Nickelodeon. Guts.
Watch Guts every weekend at 6.35, 30 Central
on the First Kids Network.
Check in.
Reservation from the Callister.
Best Christmas movie ever.
I don't think so.
Hold it right there.
Get down on your knees and tell me you love me.
I love you.
Home Alone 2. Your drawers.
Don't flash these babies around here.
There could be girls on this floor.
Ready, D.G., now playing at theaters everywhere.
I am hungry.
So hunger, hunger, hungry.
A rapping rhino.
My name is D.J. Rhino.
I can left and right for a cereal that won't boil me,
but there isn't one inside.
Well, don't use your eyes.
Just follow your nose to a fruit-flavored surprise.
Kellogg's Fruit Loop Cereal.
Papa Fruit Loops.
Orange.
Lemon.
Cherry and lime.
Part of a complete breakfast.
That really makes them bite.
I bought a colorful breakfast.
Another Fruit Loop plan.
And I got great taste.
Like me to dance to them.
Yo, Santa, you're totally fresh.
We paid up.
When you talk into Starlo's magic microphone,
she says what you say in her own voice.
Let's sing a song.
You can sing along.
I like to sing with you.
Nobody sounds like you, Starlo.
We like to show off.
Starlo.
Like it's Starlo.
I love it.
Hey, she's talking.
She's Starlo.
Wherever we go, we burn on a shot.
Starlo comes with a magic microphone
so you can give her a voice on her own.
Batteries not included.